Testing Phase:

1)Requirement Collection(understanding/apprehend reequirement)
2)Feasibiltiy Study-----
3) Development
4)Testing: It is a process of checking/evaluating a system/app/project,whcih has multiple componenets which need to be checked wheteher they satisfy the given requirement.

Executing the sytem in order to identify any gaps,errors or bugs in regards to the actual requirement.

Error: mistake in coding is error by programmer.
Defect: Mismatch between actual and expected value by programmer.
Bug:an error found by the tester in the testing phase is a bug.
Failure: client finds the defect it is failure.

Verification: they check the authenticity of the document.
Validation: check whether it is genuine.


Verification 				vs 			Validation
*Developers							Testers	
*Takes place first      					Takes place after verification
*Walkthrough the product process, inspect the process 		Check whether it meets the requirements




Unit Testing of the use case.
Chunks are put to test.
Chunks of code---units-----unit  tesing
Multiple units------Integration Testing
Performance Testing


Software tester
Software developer
Project Lead/Manager
End User

Testing:
1) Manual: manual written script implemented step by step.
2) Automation: scripts are written passed to the tool.


Manual Testing Example:
Login:

1)Test Case ID:TC-01-Verify Login functionality for user

2)Test Case Description: test for logging into the app:
Given: A valid username and password for the app
When: User enters the username and password on the login page
Then:User should be able to login to the app successfully, and the Home page should be shown.


3)Pre condition: Testing/production environment the same login page must be displayed.

4) Test steps:
1) Launch the application
2) enter  valid username and password
3) clcik the "login" button
4) verify that the user has logged in succesfully.
5) Logout button to logout from the app


5)Test Data: IF correct username & password the login, 
else disaply a message "Incorrect userid/password"

6)Expected result:IF valid username/password then after clicking login button then show home page, else
show message "Incorrect userid/password" and keep the login page

7)post condtion: cookie---clean up of files if any required.


8)actual result:IF valid username/password then after clicking login button then show home page
9)status:Pass/Fail
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
TDD---Test driven development-----Checking whether code is working or not as expected is TDD.
1)developer
2) develoepr to understand the requirement and code for all the test cases of the module/use case assigned to him.
3) refactor code


BDD---behaviour driven developemt---- but the behaviour of the code  as per the user requirement, testing that user requirement is BDD.

login page
username: Sulakshana
password:aBc@123
 

	submit




Specflow::BDD
